Add support for prompt=create (#3773)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js: lib/msal-browser/FAQ.md

Currently the msal-browser package is designed for Single-Page Applications that are handling all authentication through the browser client. We have not yet optimized this to work with server-side components. As such, requests to retrieve the authorization code from the first leg of the flow can't be met currently. We are currently working on an [implementation of msal that will run in node libraries](https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/projects/4), and as part of that we will explore options to make msal-browser work with server-side components.

## How do I implement self-service sign-up?

> MSAL Browser supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_browser.html#popuprequest) for descriptions of prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](http://aka.ms/s3u) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MSAL Browser supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_browser.html#popuprequest) for supported prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](http://aka.ms/s3u) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to be made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.
```

> MSAL Browser supports self-service sign-up in the auth code flow. Please see our docs [here](https://azuread.github.io/microsoft-authentication-library-for-js/ref/modules/_azure_msal_browser.html#popuprequest) for descriptions of prompt values in the request and their expected outcomes, and [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/external-identities/self-service-sign-up-overview) for an overview of self-service sign-up and configuration changes that need to made to your Azure tenant. Please note that that self-service sign-up is not available in B2C and test environments.

Reviewer 2: Can you remove `en-us` from teh link?

Author: Changed to aka.ms link
